ARC-85: Revocable Decentralized Recovery (ReDeRec) (#344)
algorandfoundation/ARCs: ARCs/arc-0085.md

- The Owner Account (OA) MUST be able to sign for transactions without requiring signatures from any other party.
- Custodian accounts (CAs) MUST be able to sign for transactions when enough signatures are presented to meet the recovery threshold.
- The recovery threshold (T) is the number of CA signatures required to recover an account.
- The OA is repeated in the multisig sub-signers group T times, in order to be able to self-sign.

Note: Algorand allows for a single-signature account to be rekeyed to a multisig wherein the single-sig is its own sub-signer, which enables users to use this pattern without requiring a new private key (and corresponding mnemonic to save.)

Example: Alice wants to add Bob, Eve and Steve as recovery custodians to her account. She wants any 2 of the 3 custodians to be able to help her recover her account.

Owner Account: `ALICE234..`

Custodians:
- `BOB345..`
- `EVE456..`
- `STEVE567..`

Threshold: 2

Multisig configuration:

```
{
    version: 1,
    threshold: 2,
    addrs: [
        "ALICE234..",
        "ALICE234..",
        "BOB345..",
        "EVE456..",
        "STEVE567..",
    ]
}
```

## Backwards Compatibility

> This method requires a wallet that supports rekeying and multi-signature accounts. Beyond that on-chain compatibility should be 100%, as transaction signature schemes are transparent as far as Applications are concerned. Off-chain systems validating account ownership for "login" functionality must be able to support multi-sig accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- On-Chain: Guaranteed, as both _multisig_ and _rekey_ are native protocol features, and transaction signature schemes are transparent to Applications.

- Off-Chain: Wallet **MUST** support _rekeying_ and _multisig_ accounts. Off-chain systems validating account ownership for "login" functionality **MUST** support _multisig_ accounts.
```

## Test Cases
TODO

## Reference Implementation
TODO

## Security Considerations

> Note that when accounts are closed out (i.e. taken to a zero ALGO balance) their rekeying status reverts to the default, so users of active DeRec are RECOMMENDED to maintain a minimum balance requirement above the base account MBR (0.1 ALGO) as a safety precaution against accidental close-outs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when accounts are closed out (i.e., taken to a zero ALGO balance), their rekeying status reverts to the default, so users of active DeRec are **RECOMMENDED** to maintain a minimum balance requirement above the base account MBR (0.1 ALGO) as a safety precaution against accidental close-outs.
```
